Add What’s new in 8.9 (#3102)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/whats-new.asciidoc

* **Elastic AI Assistant for host processes:** Provides the ability to get details on a process and how to optimize the process for resources like CPU or memory.
+
video::https://static-www.elastic.co/v3/assets/bltefdd0b53724fa2ce/blt6f28aca285b49413/64bef27c7b7f98524d9feadc/HostProcessAssistant.mov[width=640]

* **Elastic AI Assistant for profiling:** Provides the ability to explain the most expensive processes/functions in your organization and suggest optimizations — the AI assistant can use generative AI to explain any function and provide details on how to optimize the function.
+
video::https://static-www.elastic.co/v3/assets/bltefdd0b53724fa2ce/blt45dc9c45747a265c/64bef2c1ab018e62ae51db2c/ProfilingAssistant.mov[width=640]

All of the Elastic AI Assistant use cases mentioned above will be provided in 8.9 as a technical preview with the exception of log alerts (due to ML licensing requirements).

This feature is available by configuring the Elastic AI Assistant, selecting the model, and entering in your credentials. Initially we will be supporting Azure OpenAI and OpenAI.

> // Follow the details in our {observability-guide}/obs-ai-assistant.html#obs-ai-set-up[documentation]. Here is a quick overview.

Author: This link is blocked by https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/pull/3058.

Author: ```suggestion
Ready to get started? See the {observability-guide}/obs-ai-assistant.html[documentation]. Here's a quick overview of the process:
```
